now this is the commandment and these
are the statutes and judgments which the
Lord your God has commanded to teach you
that you may observe them the land which
you are crossing over to possess that
you may fear the Lord your God to keep
all his statutes and his commandments
which I command you you and your son and
your grandson all the days of your life
and that your days may be prolonged
therefore here o Israel and be careful
to observe it that it may be well with
you and that you may multiply greatly as
the Lord God of your father's has
promised you the land flowing with milk
and honey here o Israel the Lord our God
the Lord is one you shall love the Lord
your God with all your heart with all
your soul and with all your strength
and these words which I command you
today shall be in your heart you shall
teach them diligently to your children
and shalt talk of them when you sit in
your house when you walk by the way when
you lie down and when you rise up you
shall bind them as a sign on your hand
they shall be as frontlets between your
eyes you shall write them on the
doorposts of your house and on your
gates so it shall be when the Lord your
God brings you into the land of which he
swore to your father's to Abraham Isaac
and Jacob to give you large and
beautiful cities which you did not build
houses full of all good things which you
did not fill hewn out wells which you
did not dig vineyards and olive trees
which you did not plant when you have
eaten in our full then beware mist you
forget the Lord who brought you out of
the land of Egypt from the house of
bondage you shall fear the Lord your God
and serve him and shall take oaths in
his name
you shall not go after other gods the
gods of the peoples who are all around
you for the Lord your God is a jealous
God among you that's the anger of the
Lord your God the aroused against you
and destroy you from the face of the
earth you shall not tempt the Lord your
God as you tempted him in masa you shall
diligently keep the commandments of the
Lord your God his testimonies and his
statutes which he has commanded you and
you shall do what is right and good in
the sight of the Lord that it may be
well with you and that you may go in and
possess the good land of which the Lord
swore to your father's to cast out all
your enemies from before you as the Lord
has spoken when your son asks you in
time to come saying what is the meaning
of the testimonies the statutes and the
judgments which the Lord our God has
commanded you then you shall say to your
son
we were slaves of Pharaoh in Egypt and
the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a
mighty hand and the Lord showed signs
and wonders before our eyes great and
severe against Egypt Pharaoh and all his
household then he brought us out from
there that he might bring us in give us
the land on which he swore to our
fathers and the LORD commanded us to
observe all these statutes to fear the
Lord our God for our good always that he
might preserve us alive as it is this
day then it will be righteousness for us
if we are careful to observe all these
Commandments before the Lord our God as
he has commanded us
[Music]
you